The storm surrounds you on all sides, the winds blowing stronger than before. It is here you find yourself in front of a building on the end of Clarion campus… hideous in nature, but there is no other visible point of egress to escape this squall. The test… It’s tomorrow, and you were hoping to ask Jody about another thing you just didn’t understand… but you’ve also heard rumor about a cheat sheet that previous students have hidden within the building for THIS precise test! But you think back about that rumor… something happens to the teachers after dark. You’ve certainly never seen them leave the building, like a NORMAL person. They… can’t be human, that’s for sure. Lightning strikes a tree nearby, and for a moment, the darkened lights of Becker light up, multiple dark red eyes watching your advancing steps… You blink, and shake your head. It was just an illusion. Your mind is just pulling tricks on you. You enter the building, soaked to the skin. As you enter...

THE END

You look around, at the cracked floors, the flickering lights, the red smears running down the walls… the door closes behind you, an audible clicking sound. You look around you cautiously. The building seems abandoned. To your west is a stairwell clearly leading downstairs, but it is locked. To your north, a hallway. The east another hallway, you can see other doors leading back outside. There’s also a room in front of you that seems unlocked, and a couch in which you could rest. Or of course you could turn back around and just leave like a little bitch.

You walk a couple feet down the hallway. It’s pretty quiet around here. You can continue north or south… But there’s also a door ajar across from you.

You walk further down. It’s been like… maybe 15 feet? Keep going. North or south, you know the drill.

You seem to be at about the middle of the north side of Becker. You can see Childs’ classroom to your right, and there’s also a fire extinguisher against the wall.

There’s blood on the floor. That’s really cool. Totally. There’s also a voltage panel on the wall to the west. Or of course you could continue either way down the hall. Childs’ office appears locked from this side.

A severed arm still holds a GPU tenderly in its grasp. To the west, there is a thin passageway with a doorway at the end, as well as a bathroom door on its right side. The hallway continues both directions.

You have reached the northwest corner of the building. You see a hand sanitizer to your left, as well as a water fountain and a recycling bin.

There are 2 rooms visible in this open area, to both the north and south. In addition, there is a snack machine and pop machine on the southern wall.

There is a room in the south, and a passageway north, leading to Mensah’s office as well as that of the service workers. The hallway continues to the east and west.

The hallway continues on, with nothing of notice past a fire extinguisher.

There’s a couple cracks on the hallway… the light flickers above you, and for moments you see only darkness. There’s the Video Classroom, and on the other side a trash bin.

You’ve reached the North East corner of the building. The staircase leading downstairs is unfortunately blocked off as well. Or the teacher’s staff room is just north…

The lights continue to flicker around you… There are two rooms near you, as well as a pop machine. 

More emptiness awaits you… You can hear whispers around you, saying SOMETHING… you listen closely. It says… “You’re going to fail this assignment…”. Time to move.

As you pass by, you can hear a faint groaning within the room next to you. There’s nothing else near you, maybe check it out?

Something drips from the ceiling as you walk by, catching against your hair. Probably best to not catch what that is. Keep moving.

You’ve made it so far, how long can you keep going?

You’ve reached the end of the east hall… there’s an exit next to you, if you choose to leave. Room 122 and room 123 are within distance as well.

The hallway continues on, exits continuing out of the building on the side. The storm still continues outside, but hey, maybe if you try around 100 times the door will unlock?

The glass on the door leading outside has broken, and torrents of rain are pouring inside. Make sure not to slip.

There’s a puddle forming from the storm outside. Muddy footprints are next to the door… Maybe someone else was here and escaped?

You’re close to the entrance, which is visible to your west, with the hallway going further down to your east. There is also the computer lab just ahead.

O'Donnell sits in the room, slowly watching your approach. “I wondered who would foolishly come into my kingdom. You are but a peasant that approaches the gods, asking to take a bite from the fruit of Eden. Not knowing the mistake of having even entered this room. Such a simple mistake, one you could have never known of. Yet destiny still arrives all the same. And I am that destiny.” Slowly, he rises, holding a stamp. He stamps your hand. It says F.A.I.L.

You enter the room, and hear a dark chuckle from within. “Welcome student, to your 110 Examination. Please, tell me. What is a CPU??” What do you answer?

You blink, and you are in Childs’ office, away from whatever THAT was that just happened. On his desk is a study sheet for the next 110 examination. Not 244, but if you don’t know what RGB means, it might be useful to take. Nothing else to do but move on.

The bathroom lights flicker on and off inside the bathroom. Remember when you were a kid, and the fear you had about being alone in a room, that something would attack you? You have this feeling now. Every blink is a gap of time long enough that something could sneak up behind you… Your muscles tell you to run, but if you turn around...

You enter the room, closing the door behind you, before looking around. It’s empty, perfectly normal past a few broken chairs sitting around. Of course it would be, why else would it be? It’s the middle of the night and you’re out exploring a darkened Becker Hall. Like an idiot. Just fail the test like a normal person… but wait. You can hear something from deeper within the room, like something chewing. Soft. Patient. But is that blood? And… a body. Jason Dicker looks peaceful in death, finally free of the stress of leaving the CIS major. The chewing sound seems to be coming from around the area though… Oh no.

A small worm like creature pokes itself out of the center of his hand, chewing softly on tendons… but at the same time, there is a piece of paper near the body, covered with something like notes. Could this be one of the pieces of the 8 1/2  by 11 sheet of paper for the test? The creature seems distracted, now would be the time to take it… but is it wise to disrespect the dead…?

You enter the room, staring blankly at the class currently in attendance in front of you. A teacher you don’t recognize shakes her head slightly, before moving and pushing you out of the room softly. “I apologize, but we’re currently having night classes. Please play your game somewhere else. 

You enter Mensah’s room carefully. Worm like creatures swim around in tanks, razorlike teeth evident as they move about, baring your teeth at you. Mensah himself sits at his desk, red eyes glaring at you as he pulls one of the creatures out of its tank, biting its head off with sharp teeth, chewing softly. And is that another piece of the 8 1/2 by 11 sheet of paper on his desk?!
“This reminds me about the time I used to work with Verizon. Fantastic company. I should simply tell you more about it really, it really links up with everything we’re going over in 317. As a rep for the company, we had the early workings of strange horror survival games as well. When I came here though, the-”

You look around, but the room is empty spare a sheet of paper. Unfortunately, not part of the notes. Just a dick someone wrote on a page. Great.

The lights are turned off… You hit the switch, but nothing happens. You switch to your phone’s flashlight instead. There are mannequins, one after the other, all seated in chairs, poised at attention to the sermon, who is also… a mannequin. The teacher is holding a piece of paper… a piece of the notes?!

You enter the video classroom, which is lit by a dull grey light. The filming location is empty, a laptop set, filming the green screen. A video editing software hosts a live video, which states only “This world has been abandoned. Please stand by”. The back of the wall is broken, leading to the staff room beside the room. 

It’s another body, sitting in a chair motionless. One of the CIS majors, you think the idiot’s name was DJ, must have been trying to get a mountain dew from one of the pop machines. (You’ve heard they’re cheaper for the teachers. Bull.) His teeth have been violently pulled from the skull, and a piece of paper has been stapled to his head. “You’ll never pass the exam”. He’s holding a note sheet… a part of the exam!

You enter a plain room, looking around nervously. This is where Su Kim usually frequents, but you don’t see her… 
…
The door slams
…
Su Kim stands before you, her eyes gold and expressionless. Smoke covers her, and you slowly watch as her form turns into the body of a Sphinx. “So, tell me, prey. A computer walks up to two stores, one called '1', and one called '0'. Which does it choose?”

The room appears to be empty...

Parts of computers are scattered all throughout the room… as well as… bodies. No, never mind. Half of them are mannequins. Modeled with the clothes that the dead students have as well. Not upping the creep factor or anything. But might be best to check the two closets nearby, just in case.

You open the closet, but it just has a server room inside. And a couple dollars change on top. Score!!!

Plenty of computer parts are behind the door, as well as a small scrap of paper. It’s another piece of what you need! This is like an easter egg hunt! That DJ had to miss this easter because of stupid college stuff! So sad...

The room appears to be locked.

Professor Packard is sitting, terrified within this room. He stares at you shocked, shooing you away. “You need to get away! I don’t know what's going on here, I never signed up for this! Being a new teacher sucks! Here, have a piece of the 8 1/2 by 11 sheet of paper for Jody’s test… O’Donnell gave it to me for safekeeping, but I don’t want to kill anyone just yet. Better if I just watch some gaming vids instead’

You enter room 122, such as is any day in 244. Jody sits there at the desk, looking at something on youtube… something about dogs. He looks up slowly, looking uncomprehendingly at you, closing the youtube browser in a flash. “I was grading tests. Now go.” But why does he look normal? Is he the one teacher that keeps his demon form at all times, even during the day??? (Don’t @ me Jody)

The labs. They are empty now, but you can always just play some games… all the internet seems to be out though. Like what the hell?!
…
Further looking around, the numbers all have numbers on them, 1 through 21. You could press them, or leave the room. (choice 22)

You leave quickly. Something’s wrong about this place tonight. You head back to your room and study for the test like a normal person.

You lay down. The couch is very comfortable, and soon you begin to lull off. Against your better judgement, you fall asleep. You wake up what feels to be hours later. You look outside through the window…No, it’s still dark and stormy. Your phone says the same time it did when you entered, 11:13. Your data is out, there is no wifi connection. What is going on??

The fire extinguisher has been removed from where it is. In place of that is… a dog bone?

As you get closer, the voltage panel seems to be sputtering slightly, visible electricity coming out of the box. But it’s okay… You’re a CIS major. This could be part of the job description. Maybe. Time to fix it?

Was that puddle of blood there earlier today??? Really, it’s probably just a good idea to leave it alone. 

There’s a severed arm on the ground… You don’t know how you know this, but it is the arm of Justin Bloss. Same tattoo and everything. Really, he had to be included in the game somehow. And now you can take him with you, like a depressing spirit animal!

There’s a lone GPU on the floor… might be good to hang on to.

You use the hand sanitizer. It’s probably smart to use right now, with how gory this adventure is… there’s just a lot of blood, it’s like some weird Outlast game or something. Better clean up!

You use the water fountain, but the liquid coming out is murky and black. Probably best to just not touch it.

The recycling bin is full of water bottles and other plastics. The janitors combine this can with the trash can twice a week.

The pop machine’s glass is broken, and covered with blood. Take whatever you want!

The snack machine’s glass is broken, and covered with blood. Take whatever you want!

Taped to the fire extinguisher is a small part of the notes you need. Keep going!

In the trash can… is trash. Maybe you should put yourself inside it, you’d certainly fit right in.

The pop machine’s glass is broken, and covered with blood. Take whatever you want!

The fire extinguisher is… it’s fake. THIS IS AN EXTREME FIRE HAZARD. CHEAP ASS MOTHERFU-

The recycling bin has trash in it. Of course.

Death by repeated electric shock. It’s pretty painful. The burns are even worse. You find it out in this moment. They’ll find your corpse in the morning, but they won’t be able to identify the body until they make a head count.

The hallway cuts deeper in, leading to both Mensah’s office, and the service workers. A sound of a creaking chair comes from the room ahead, his office, while the east is silent. 

The door is blocked…

The door is blocked... 

The door is blocked…

The door is blocked…

The chuckle turns into an evil laugh, and you see Childs emerge from the darkness, holding a red hot… central processing unit in a black gloved hand. THAT was the answer. You find yourself unable to move, paralyzed in fear as he walks towards you. He lifts up the CPU, and you can feel the heat next to your face…

The bathroom lights flicker on and off inside the bathroom. Remember when you were a kid, and the fear you had about being alone in a room, that something would attack you? You have this feeling now. Every blink is a gap of time long enough that something could sneak up behind you… Something breathes against your neck. Your muscles tell you to run, but if you turn around, it will see you.

The lights shut off, and you feel something cold stroke the back of your neck, moving down your shoulders. Claws. The breath continues, getting hotter every second. You can smell rot from behind you. Saliva falls onto your shoulder with a wet smack, sticking to your clothes. Your muscles tense, and you find yourself unable to breathe. It’s all over. Run. Run. RUN! WHILE YOU STILL CAN.

You can’t take it anymore. You tremble lightly, and lift your eyes to the darkened mirror. Everything goes black. “Looking at this nightmare, so like the death-black spiders brooding over their dead flies and bugs in the shadows of our boathouse, I felt my mind trying to tear completely loose from its moorings. I believe now that it was only the thought of my own terror that allowed me to keep any semblance of sanity. I was making some sound. Laughing. Crying. Screaming. I don’t know.”

You jolt forward, taking the piece of paper. The creature pays you no mind, returning to its feast. You look more carefully, noting a small, grotesque collar on it. “Property of Dr. Stephen O. Agyei-Mensah”. Another one slowly peeks outside of the body, coming up from the mouth, and you fight the urge to throw up. What do you do?

You look for something around you, anything… THERE! You grab a shattered piece of the chair. Carefully… You pick up the creature off of the body and set it on the ground before stabbing it through the middle. It squirms a couple times before its head falls limp to the floor, slowly becoming motionless. You look back at the body. The body smiles back… No… there’s another one. Coming from...

The worm writhes out of its position in the mouth, moving quicker than you could have ever predicted. It moves towards you, and you scramble up the table. Problem solved, it can’t reach you ther- The thing jumps, skittering up your neck, over your cheek. You’ve seen where the thing had come from, and even in your panic are wise enough to cover your own mouth with both hands, frantically shaking your head, begging for the creature to free itself. The storm picks up outside, and you feel the worm burrow into your eye. The wind screams, and you scream with it. The cry of someone drowning in the kind of pain the charts in the hospitals can never describe. The charts go from one to ten; the agony you feel now is well over one hundred—that of someone being boiled alive. You stagger backwards, clawing at the thing in your eye. The creature, it is pulsing faster now. You begin to pass out from the shock, hearing a low, liquid sound as the thing resumes feeding. It is a slushy sound.

You look for something around you, anything… THERE! You grab a shattered piece of the chair. Carefully… You pick up the creatures off of the body and set them on the ground before stabbing both through the middle. They don’t put up much resistance, squirming a couple times before lying limp on the floor, slowly becoming motionless. It’s time to leave.

Mensah’s eyes flash, and he begins to grow in size, grabbing you by the chest and lifting you up into the air. With a raspy voice, he chuckles, crushing your ribs slowly. You feel a lung puncture, and you gasp for breath, blood and bile thick in your throat. “Too bad… I was being so patient too.”

You wait patiently and sit back, listening to the creature’s tale. After what feels like hours, the creature sighs and lays back against the chair it sits in. “I’m not reasonable. We teachers may be monsters, but I already have other prey. Take this answer sheet. Now leave, before I become less agreeable.”

Eh, it’s just a game. People do this for fun in things like GTA. Text based adventures get boring anyways, although the implications are dark. Oh well. Weeee!!!

You grab the notes and quickly head for the exit. The teacher doesn’t respond, it’s just a mannequin. What did you expect?

You grab the page of notes from his hand, and it leaves with a light pull. You hear a loud rumbling sound, and look up just in time to see the ceiling crash around you.

You take the piece of the paper. It’s the real deal! You go back to the hallway, having succeeded. 

Dr. Packard looks over. “Sure, you can stay here if you want. Might even be able to end the game here if you want, but I suggest going next door to Jody.”

You wait around in the safe room. 

You wait it out within the back of the room, and soon the storm subsides. Packard unlocks the door for you, and you run out of the building frantically. You rush back to the room, and fall into your bed. ——- You wake up to your alarm in the morning. Was it all just a nightmare, a faint glimpse into some eldritch horror within your mind? You look over at the shreds of paper beside your bed, pieces of notes for an upcoming test. Maybe. But it’s best not to think about it. Least you once again here the real world.

The sphinx snarls, before smiling toothly. “You are correct. The answer is 1, because 0 is always closed. Now take this paper and begone!”——- You blink, and you are once outside the room, now holding another shred of the 8 1/2 sheet.

The sphinx snarls, before leaping on you, her fangs sinking into your neck. “WRONG! 0 is always closed, as the transistor is closed!”


Jody sighs softly, before reaching behind him and grabbing a completed piece of paper. “I swear, I get forced to do all the work for all of you. Now leave, and don’t drunk text me again. I mean it.”

“Yeah, you’re irritating me when all I wanted to do was drink a Pepsi in peace, and not grade a stupid text adventure game, but here we are.”

Jody kicks your ass with only 1% of his power. Good try.

Ever watch John Wick? Do you know the plot? You’ve messed up. We’re ending the game right here, because what you did, has decreed your own demise. Jody gone gonna be getting his own movie now. And the body used for the special effects is gonna be yours.

Jody helps you with any questions you have. Congratulations. You could’ve just done that since the beginning like a normal person!
